Add docs for Speculation Rules features: target_hint and clear-site-data (#39652)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/elements/script/type/speculationrules/index.md

  - : A string used to identify a rule or ruleset. This will be included in the {{HTTPHeader("Sec-Speculation-Tags")}} request header for any speculations covered by that rule.

- `"target_hint"` {{experimental_inline}}

>   - : A string indicating where the page expects the prerendered content to be activated. For example, `"target_hint": "_blank"` or `"target_hint": "_self"` (the default if not specified). Check [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) for values beyond these. This directive is not supported for `prefetch` speculations.

Reviewer: We don't normally forshadow that there might be extensions in future versions - otherwise we'd have the line everywhere.

```suggestion
  - : A string indicating where the page expects the prerendered content to be activated.
    This is either `"target_hint": "_blank"` or `"target_hint": "_self"` (the default if not specified). 
  
    The directive not supported for prefetch speculations.
     
```

See {{HTTPHeader("Sec-Speculation-Tags")}} for more examples.

### `target_hint` example

> A `target_hint` can be included to indicate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `target_hint` can be included to indicate the target window in which matching prerender speculations will be opened:
```
